Beating myself. Beating myself.
I keep hitting myself. What are you talking about?
I forgive you, okay?
Get up, are you still going?
I'm not leaving.
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
Korean
I'm really sorry yesterday.
I am for you today
Prepared an exclusive package for the hairdresser.
There are also treatment packages from high-end beauty salons.
He also specially prepared a truckload of gifts for you to bring him
Give it to our mother for me
Do your filial piety for me
I'm too busy in the company today to get away
I also hope you understand and tolerate it.
Okay, will my daughter accompany me?
I'm not going then.
I have to catch up today with my homework due on Monday.
Gotta be at home
Then I'll have to enjoy it alone.
Have fun.
OK, then I'll take you to the hair salon first.
Then I go to work
Thank you husband
Don't be so Xiaoya
Yesterday was all my fault
I shouldn't have quarreled with you and your mother
Please forgive me.
OK.
Then I'll give you another chance.
But if you do this again
I won't forgive you again
Just as you said
Auntie, I have something to tell you, Shanshan.
Do you have anything to tell me?
Li Xiaoya and my dad have been together for a long time